Create a snippet of Terraform HCL code that create an AWS autoscaling group, and an ALB in front to expose an application to internet.
Which languages are spoken in Costa Rica?
Can u summarize me story from the book Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Did Jesus realy exist
Write five lines of iambic pentameter about a subject of your choosing. Do not use any trochaic substitutions. The lines do not need to rhyme.
You will create a table with macronutrients, micronutrients and kcal of the following foods: 100g oatmeal, banana 100g, apple 100g, pasta ragù 100g
Write me POSIX-shellscript to convert Celsius to Kelvin.
How do I compile a Java application to native with GraalVM inside the linux terminal?
In JavaScript, why is the value of "this" keyword inside an arrow function determined by the context in which it was created, rather than by how it is called?
Can you make an Excel formula that prints " " when the value is #div/0! and print the value when it's not
What is the Sun?
Can you write code for a basic calculator with an interface?
How would you teach someone about human relationships like male female, intersex, father mother daughter son sibling wife husband grandfather grandmother uncle aunt etc and family trees and possibly how to research your own :-) the nature of relations ships like the brother of a brother or sibling is a brother (mathematical nature of relationships) half-siblings? how this can be vectorized?   king - man + woman = queen ? etc :-) the notion of name and role in languages enabling explanation and reasoning in language :-) many ideas to be broken down into simpler ones :-)
I want to install a custom Android OS on my phone because I think my current operating system is not privacy friendly. What are some custom Android operating systems that care about my privacy?
Who said that the arc of history is long, but it trends toward justice?
Why are certain types of door locks called 'deadbolts' ?
How do I make a table in MathJax?
I'm feeling dizzy and sleepy and I can't focus, taking a shower or walk outside helps, but only for a while. Is there something I can do to relive it without needing to see a doctor?
Using any programming language, write a program with the longest possible (yet finite) running time, using 100 characters or less.
Can you describe what class conflict is according to Marx?
How do I fix a broken relationship?
How can I identify if someone is real or an Artificial Intelligence when conversing with them over the internet without invading their privacy and/or security?
How can implement network country detection on android? I am using Kotlin.
Write a 200 word essay that describes my interest in joining a family medicine residency program. In the program mention that I had multiple publications in med school as well as my high academic grade.
Hypothetically would you rather have 4 arms or a tail?
Hello there. Can you provide me with an implementation of a conditional variable in C using semaphores and mutexes?
What is life insurance?
I would like to play a game of chess against you. I will play as white. My first move is pawn to E4. Could you make a visualization of the board and make your move?
explain WebUSB in simple terms
Should i watch Battle For The Dream Island?
Did trilobites climb trees and hunt insects?
How can you stay Up awake for longer
How can I convince my boss that Open Source can actually help our company rather than "giving out work for free"?
Does absolute power corrupt absolutely?
When did the fall of the roman empire happen?
How do I temper chocolate?
What's the weather like?
Why is white phosphorous so dangerous?
Please, act as a scientist that writes a scientific article for a journal and someone that enhances the work of a colleague. Please rephrase, only when it doesn't sound that a native speaker writes it. Avoid passive voice as much as possible.
Explain the rules of field hockey to a novice.
Can you provide me with some simple instructions on how to build a groundplane antenna tuned for 868mhz?
What are the most common leadership styles?
What things should I check when buying a second hand van to make sure it is still in good condition? Additionally, please tell me which items would be most expensive to fix if they were not in good condition
I am developing an add-in for Microsoft Excel that offers a free trial. What are some common ways that people crack / get around the end of a free trial, and how can I mitigate them?
What is the difference between a hurricane, typhoon, and a tropical cyclone and how are they classified?
Can you list all the important keywords of the Rust programming language and give a brief description of each one? Please return the results in markdown table format where the table headers are: keyword, description.
Please can you explain to me quantum mechanics?
What are some important topics within AI safety. For example, if general AI is achieved, how can humans make sure that the AI will not just achieve its goals at any cost, disregarding human values and safety. How can AI be leveraged to achieve productive technological progress safely and without the risk of AI causing harm to humans or the environment of Earth?
explain in simple and commented python code how one can calculate the distance between to N-dimensional vectors
What is a Lemon Tree?
What is the point of an identity function if it's just the same as the original function?
What is the recommended amount of water to drink in a day?
When routing high speed traces (5GHz+) on a PCB, what are the best practices to mitigate unwanted noise and improve signal integrity? Please list these in order from most beneficial to least.
Imagine life on the moon in the year 2050 from the perspective of a 13 year old cow
how to use nn.embedding
You are now a dungeon master when I prompt you answer with the next thing that will happen in the story -- I use my spell on the goblin hexing him then
How far does wind carry pollen on average in the spring or summer on the East coast of the US?
Briefly and concisely explain what placenta previa is and include one priority action to take as a nurse when managing a patient with this disorder
I'm hoping to get some job interview practice and I'd like you to act as a panel member in my interview. The interview will be on web development and will mainly focus on knowledge of Javascript, but will also touch on CSS and HTML. Please provide me with 10 questions that I can answer.
What is the best way to write a creative story?
write a regex expression that find graphql queries or mutations in a file
Can you tell me the idea behind the Knuth-Morris-Pratt string matching algorithm?
Could you help me solve a physics problem? An axis of length L and mass M is balanced on the side of the table at its center of gravity. A ball with a relative height h is dropped onto its most protruding end. What is the speed of the ball immediately after impact?
Can you provide a new setting for D&D based on what would happen in the cold war if Russia were a hideout for the clown mafia?
Could you provide me a few introductory phrases for the motivation behind singular value decomposition? I want to use them in the basics part of my thesis.
How do I make a hamburger?
How to code binary search in Java? I want to search a number in an array.
What is dubstep? Provide a list of popular dubstep songs
Please, write a python script to quickly synchronise a large list of files between S3 and local storage.
Can I ship batteries via USPS?
How can citizens best combat pressure from the World Economic Forum to join the "Great Reset"?
What are the dangers of CBDC's?
What's the best way to make coffee?
What are the important criteria for choosing a password manager? Could you suggest me a couple open-source ones and compare them?
Who won the Superbowl in 1987?
What is the recipe for chilean empanadas?
Write a message as to why should I join a product manager community ?
Create a joke in the style of Don Rickless that is not too insulting, but still is funny.  It should come across as good natured and not mean or rude.  Also, do not make it a direct copy of any known joke.
How do meteorologists predict what the wind speed will be?
Can you give me a simple Brainfuck implementation in Lua, that takes a terminal input for the program, and gives helpful error messages?
What is the epicuro paradogy and why it proves that god doesn't exist? do you believe in it?
What do you consider more important philosophy or politics? Which one should I get familiar with first?
Do you have any recommendations for food or drink that are both healthy, tasty and also contain a considerable amount of protein since I am looking to go to the gym? I specifically am looking for breakfast meals but other suggestions for snacks or other times of the day would also be quite useful
What is a functional programming language? How is it different from imperative languages?
What's a good mojito recipe? I don't like my mojitos too sweat so keep the sugar to a minimum.
Describe a story from mythology of the Nordic Pantheon as a news article from 60 minutes.   
Hello, I'm curious how imaginative you are. What's the wildest landscape you can imagine, that isn't just some sort of generic fantasy scene?
What are good ideas for Halloween decorations I can make with my 5 year old kid?
What is your current system time?
Hello, I would like you to write me how did Tchaikovsky die.
give 10 random examples of sentences separated by '|' and the sentiment of the sentence wrapped in parenthesis in the end of each sentence to be used as a train set of a sentiment analysis model
When was Einstein born?
Where can I learn about fishing? I want to learn how, but I've never done it and I don't know anyone else who does either.
When is Earth's population projected to reach 8 billion?
Can you give me a generalized form to find all the roots of a polynomial to the n-th degree using the newton method?
Please suggest three useful applications that can be achieved using autohotkey and irfanview.
What is the difference between euclidean geometry and hyperbolic geometry?  
How much tea does the average person drink each year? I think that my usual three to five cups per day is healthy, but I am not sure. I have recently started to drink an average of five to seven cups, and I feel nauseous and bloated. Should I see a doctor, or just cut down on the tea?
Is the USA going to war with China in 2025ish?
Can you provide me with your personal insight on what you think the world should do to fully recover from the recent pandemic?